Implement array_avg scalar function (#11359)
crate/crate: docs/general/builtins/scalar-functions.rst

``array_sum(array)``
--------------------

> Returns the sum of array elements that are not ``NULL``. If
> ``array`` is ``NULL`` or an empty array, the function returns ``NULL``. This
> function supports arrays of any of the :ref:`numeric types
> <data-type-numeric>`.Depending on the argument type a suitable return type
> is chosen. For ``real`` and ``double precison`` argument types the return type
> is equal to the argument type.
> For ``char``, ``smallint``, ``integer`` and ``bigint`` the return type
> changes to ``bigint``. If the range of ``bigint`` values (-2^64 to 2^64-1) gets
> exceeded an ``ArithmeticException`` will be raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the sum of array elements that are not ``NULL``. If ``array`` is
``NULL`` or an empty array, the function returns ``NULL``. This function
supports arrays of any :ref:`numeric types
<data-type-numeric>`. 

For ``real`` and ``double precison`` arguments, the return type is equal to the
argument type. For ``char``, ``smallint``, ``integer``, and ``bigint``
arguments, the return type changes to ``bigint``.

If any ``bigint`` value exceeds range limits (-2^64 to 2^64-1), an
``ArithmeticException`` will be raised.
```

notes:

- lines should be wrapped to 79 chars (https://github.com/crate/crate-docs/blob/main/style/rst.rst#line-lengths)
- paras should be separated by an empty newline (https://github.com/crate/crate-docs/blob/main/style/rst.rst#paragraphs)
- reworded slightly for style (and to switch to active voice)

    +----------------------+
    SELECT 1 row in set (... sec)

.. _scalar-array-avg:

``array_avg(array)``
--------------------

Returns returns the average of all values in array that are not ``NULL`` If
``array`` is ``NULL`` or an empty array, the function returns ``NULL``. This
function supports arrays of any of the :ref:`numeric types
<data-type-numeric>`. Depending on the argument type a suitable return type
is chosen. For ``real`` and ``double precison`` argument types the return type
is equal to the argument type.
For ``char``, ``smallint``, ``integer`` and ``bigint`` the return type

> changes to ``numeric``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the average of all values in ``array`` that are not ``NULL`` If
``array`` is ``NULL`` or an empty array, the function returns ``NULL``. This
function supports arrays of any :ref:`numeric types <data-type-numeric>`.

For ``real`` and ``double precison`` arguments, the return type is equal to the
argument type. For ``char``, ``smallint``, ``integer``, and ``bigint``
arguments, the return type is ``numeric``.
```

similar as prev comment
